# SEO Overview
Search Engine Optimization is a means of ranking a website in terms of relevance to a specific topic. SEO can make a break a website's usage. The better organized content on a webpage will lead to a better SEO score, and this will allow internet users to find the website through a search engine. Search engines will typically crawl through a website and look for readable text to determine how relevant the website is to the search term. Smart component usage with header tags and better content structuring allows the web crawlers to read content easier and more efficiently, ultimately allowing for a better SEO score.
Tools like key performance indicators allow web developers and marketing teams see how changes in structure in a webpage lead to user interactions. This can be done with personally developed tools or other enterprise tech like Google Analytics. The most important part of KPIs is the ability to give a tangible measurement to design choices. A website can look beautiful, and users can appreciate good design. However, how does this actually impact a website? KPIs allow teams to understand how various structural and content changes impact usage throughout their site.

# SEO Proposal
The main purpose of my website is not necessarily to make money. There is no real product to purchase from the user. However, the idea behind the site is to create a space where people can find and share memes very easily. This means that the main metrics I have to measure are page visits and shares. I plan to setup an share button specifically on the `Hot Page` to allow users to easily find a meme they enjoy and share it on social media. I am taking into account that if the main goal is to invest so that sharing and visits are the main priority, the two pages I need to focus on are the `Home Page` and the `Hot Page`. The Home Page needs to have better information content so that users can quickly grasp what the website is about. Additionally through adding better content, I hope to structure the page better so that web crawlers can read it easily. Finally, I think a website redesign is in order. The page works great as an MVP, but there is no visual attractiveness about the site. Users need to have a reason to come back and return to the site. A boring page with a white background won't do that.
Using analytics tools like Google Analytics, I hope to get a measure of what users are clicking on. This will give me a better sense of what their main focus is when entering the site. I hope to use these metrics to better guide them to the Hot Page.